Set `clearable` for Form `date` field when it is not required (#1792)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/tidy-impalas-refuse.md

---
"@comet/admin-date-time": major
---

> Remove `clearable` prop from `FinalFormDatePicker`

Reviewer: Technically it was removed from the `DatePicker`, which happens to affect the usage of `FinalFormDatePicker` and `DateField`. 

```suggestion
Remove `clearable` prop from `DatePicker`
```

or

```suggestion
Remove `clearable` prop from `DatePicker`, `DateField` and `FinalFormDatePicker`
```

> The `clearable` prop is removed from `FinalFormDatePicker`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remove `clearable` prop from `FinalFormDatePicker`
```

> The clear button in `FinalFormDatePicker` is visible for all non-`required` fields

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The clear button will automatically be shown for all optional fields.
```
